When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When you want to collaborate with others, or as a backup to your local data to protect against data loss from crashes, etc.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Pulling changes manually ensures that your code in local repository isn't suddenly and unexpectedly changed by automatic updates from the remote repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

    Forking makes a copy of a GitHub repository on GitHub. Cloning makes a copy of a repository either from GitHub or from a local repository to another local repository. Branching makes a new branch within a particular repository -- it does not copy an entire repository like forking and cloning do.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    It allows you to see and work with what is on the remote even if you're offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Would probably have to use shared directories and edit files there. Could be lots of coordination issues with who can lock a file for editting, etc and the problems would increase with number of collaborators. Lose of efficiency due to only one person editting a file at one time. GitHub's solution is better.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When working alone, working mainly in master seems fine. But if collaborating with several others, different people may need to work in separate branches on their own updates, and then merge later. Working mainly in master is simpler, but doesn't support many-person collaboration very well, compared to using separate branches. Branches when working alone also good for "experiments" and code changes you're not sure will work out.
